now what we're gonna do today is I'm
going to show you some toys that no one
has ever seen before you will be the
first kids ever to see these toys and
they're exciting toys and they're toys
that I want to see what you think of
because we want to see if other kids
will want to buy them okay okay very
good everyone understand if we like them
we say they we like them what if we do
it like that
that's okay that's exactly right so do
you guys like animals what's your
favorite animal yes yes yes nice
elephants elephants giraffes unicorns
and owls my favorite animal is the
monkey but we don't have a monkey for
you right now we have this adorable
thank you
puppy this is Daisy the downer dog
yes you can feel it what do you think
how does she feel yes and this is a
special dog because you know how most
dogs are happy yeah
this one isn't happy at all this is
Daisy the downer dog yeah this is a dog
that says sad things you want to hear
here we go I'm dizzy
the downer go oh what's your name Oh do
you like chocolate
yeah if I eat chocolate Aldo
yeah yeah my last friend got hit by a
boss San Francisco you want to say
something tell him your name No oh isn't
that sweet
what do you think she needs maybe a hug
would be nice
anybody want to give yeah Wow maybe I
was a little tart maybe a pet would be
nice he wouldn't just give a nice light
Pat yeah yeah ah my daddy got sold on
Craigslist
I need expensive surgery mommy expensive
surgery by Daisy expensive surgery okay
so where does it hole everywhere but
mostly my soul oh yeah its soul as well
it's connected to the battery pack how
do you feel right now tell me just on a
scale of 1 to 604 how are you feeling
about Daisy the she's making me happy I
mean you're happy
yeah nice so Daisy yes I wish you could
never feel sad because they're too nice
for me oh oh oh nice yes
yes yes you want to talk to Daisy there
you go yes please give me a kiss but
careful I have pink oh yeah well pink is
a nice color right I can't see colors
yeah he's colorblind so do you think is
this a toy you would want Santa to bring
you yes yes this is a toy you would want
yeah not to make you sad all day long no
to make you happy all day long I'm
always in pain you know it sounds like
my deceased grandmother to be honest
with you so you do like Daisy this is
ahead yeah Wow yes Thank You Daisy
please put me to sleep I am Jimmy Kimmel
click below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it though